Parquet: add adaptive bloom filter sizing (PARQUET-2254) (#16363)
apache/iceberg: docs/docs/configuration.md

| write.parquet.bloom-filter-max-bytes                | 1048576 (1 MB)              | The maximum number of bytes for a bloom filter bitset                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| write.parquet.bloom-filter-fpp.column.col1          | 0.01                        | The false positive probability for a bloom filter applied to 'col1' (must > 0.0 and < 1.0)                                                                                                                                                         |
| write.parquet.bloom-filter-ndv.column.col1          | (not set)                   | The expected number of distinct values for a bloom filter applied to 'col1' (must > 0)                                                                                                                                                          |

> | write.parquet.bloom-filter-adaptive-enabled         | false                       | Use parquet-mr adaptive bloom filter sizing (PARQUET-2254): evaluate candidate filters and pick the smallest that satisfies the actual NDV at the configured FPP, bounded by 'bloom-filter-max-bytes', instead of always allocating the full max-bytes buffer |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| write.parquet.bloom-filter-adaptive-enabled         | false                       | Use Parquet adaptive bloom filter sizing, which evaluate candidate filters and picks the smallest that satisfies the actual NDV at the configured FPP, bounded by 'write.parquet.bloom-filter-max-bytes', instead of always allocating the full max-bytes buffer |
```

Reviewer: this should probably mention that adaptive bloom filter is ignored when per-column NDV is set

Author: Good point — added.
